innovation has arrived introducing verse
a UV the world's first UV printer cutter
take one look at a finished print and
the innovation is clear
across the vast range of media the versa
UV prints and brilliant CMYK color plus
white ink plus clear coat and
automatically contour cuts graphics
since it can print directly to a variety
of materials the verse euv is a
cost-effective alternative for producing
with design comps prototypes and short
run production if you can imagine it you
can print it on a verse a UV the versa
UV prints on a vast array of media
including paper clearer white film metal
eyes material and foil you can also
print directly onto weathers canvas
window covering fabrics and other
interior decor items the possibilities
are endless powered by roland
intelligent pass control technology the
versa UV delivers vibrant detailed image
quality in all print modes with
virtually no signs of bandi white echo
UV ink creates crisp text and graphics
and can also be used as an undercoat to
really boost the brightness of prints
but the most exciting feature of the
Versa UV is our state-of-the-art clear
coat technology you can add remarkably
rich special effects ranging from high
gloss highlights the custom dimensional
effects from water droplets to crocodile
skin you can even print Braille after
the graphic is printed it can be
automatically contour cut streamlining
the production process by eliminating
the need to reload and reposition
graphics every aspect of our UV
technology is innovative while
conventional UV lamps can reach
temperatures as high as 1,500 degrees
and require complete heat management
systems the safe LED lamps on the versa
UV generate very little heat they also
last up to 10,000 hours as much as 10
times longer than conventional UV lamps
LED lamps also consume less electricity
than conventional UV curing lamps which
is good for your budget and the
environment
our v OC free echo UV inks are instant
drying and flexible prints can be
stretched around curved surfaces and
edges without cracking precise
unattended printing is assured with an
advanced tension controlled media take
up system the versa UV is driven by a
powerful versa work software rib which
includes proven productivity tools such
as the Rowland color system and variable
data printing but in the end scene and
feeling is really believing check out
the versa UV and feel the color